Fix/compatibility note (#118)
quarkiverse/quarkus-mockk: README.md

````groovy
dependencies {
    testImplementation 'io.quarkiverse.mockk:quarkus-junit5-mockk:LATEST'
}
````

> ## Compatibility with quarkus

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Compatibility with Quarkus
```

> Starting from quarkus `2.8` and above, version `1.1.0` of `quarkus-junit5-mockk` should be use. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Starting with Quarkus `2.8` and above, version `1.1.0` of `quarkus-junit5-mockk` should be used. 
```

> If you use a version before `2.7`, version `1.0.1` of `quarkus-junit5-mockk` should be use.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you use a version before `2.7`, version `1.0.1` of `quarkus-junit5-mockk` should be used.
```
